android.support.v4.app.BackStackState
android.support.v4.app.BackStackState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.app.Fragment$SavedState
android.support.v4.app.Fragment$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerState
android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.app.FragmentState
android.support.v4.app.FragmentState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status: android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status[] values()
android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status: android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status valueOf(java.lang.String)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setTabIndicatorColor(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setTabIndicatorColorResource(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: int getTabIndicatorColor()
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setTextSpacing(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setBackgroundColor(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setBackgroundResource(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setDrawFullUnderline(boolean)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: boolean getDrawFullUnderline()
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: int getMinHeight()
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: void setSingleLineAllCaps(android.widget.TextView)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: void setTextSpacing(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: int getTextSpacing()
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: void setNonPrimaryAlpha(float)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: void setTextColor(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: void setGravity(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: int getMinHeight()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: ViewPager(android.content.Context)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: ViewPager(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setScrollState(int)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setAdapter(android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter getAdapter()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setOnAdapterChangeListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$OnAdapterChangeListener)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setCurrentItem(int)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: int getCurrentItem()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setOnPageChangeListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$OnPageChangeListener)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: int getOffscreenPageLimit()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setOffscreenPageLimit(int)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setPageMargin(int)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: int getPageMargin()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setPageMarginDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setPageMarginDrawable(int)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setScrollingCacheEnabled(boolean)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$SavedState
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.renren.api.connect.android.AccessTokenManager
com.renren.api.connect.android.AccessTokenManager: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.renren.api.connect.android.AuthorizationHelper$BlockActivity
com.renren.api.connect.android.AuthorizationHelper$BlockActivity: AuthorizationHelper$BlockActivity()
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$anim: int app_start
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$anim: int bump_in
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$anim: int bump_out
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$anim: int crt_close
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$anim: int crt_open
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$anim: int fade_in
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$anim: int fade_out
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$anim: int flash_fade_in_deacc_fast
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$anim: int flash_fade_in_deacc_medium
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$anim: int flash_fade_in_deacc_slow
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$anim: int maximize_left_bottom
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$anim: int maximize_right_top
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$anim: int minimize_left_bottom
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$anim: int minimize_right_bottom
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$anim: int minimize_right_top
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$color: int dialog_title_blue
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$color: int renren_sdk_edittext_bg
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$color: int renren_sdk_edittext_border
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$color: int renren_sdk_status_username_text
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$color: int renren_sdk_title_bg
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$color: int renren_sdk_title_border
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$color: int renren_sdk_title_text
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$color: int text
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$color: int text_num_gray
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$color: int transparent
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$dimen: int dialog_bottom_margin
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$dimen: int dialog_btn_close_right_margin
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$dimen: int dialog_btn_close_top_margin
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$dimen: int dialog_left_margin
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$dimen: int dialog_right_margin
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$dimen: int dialog_title_height
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$dimen: int dialog_title_logo_left_margin
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$dimen: int dialog_top_margin
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$dimen: int padding_large
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$dimen: int padding_medium
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$dimen: int padding_small
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int abandon_ori
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int abandon_press
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int abandonbtn
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int apple
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int back_ori
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int back_press
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int backbtn
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int backpix
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int badge
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int badge_new_ori
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int badge_new_press
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int badge_ori
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int badge_pic_brzm_l
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int badge_pic_brzm_s
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int badge_pic_cjlz_l
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int badge_pic_cjlz_s
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int badge_pic_gyfm_l
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int badge_pic_gyfm_s
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int badge_pic_nzhm_l
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int badge_pic_nzhm_s
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int badge_pic_ppmm_l
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int badge_pic_ppmm_s
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int badge_pic_tgqf_l
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int badge_pic_tgqf_s
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int badge_pic_wjbf_l
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int badge_pic_wjbf_s
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int badge_pic_wjqw_l
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int badge_pic_wjqw_s
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int badge_pic_xssl_l
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int badge_pic_xssl_s
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int badge_pic_znkr_l
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int badge_pic_znkr_s
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int badge_press
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int badge_title_brzm
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int badge_title_cjlz
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int badge_title_gyfm
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int badge_title_main
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int badge_title_nzhm
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int badge_title_ppmm
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int badge_title_tgqf
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int badge_title_wjbf
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int badge_title_wjqw
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int badge_title_xssl
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int badge_title_znkr
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int badge_txt_brzm
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int badge_txt_cjlz
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int badge_txt_gldr
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int badge_txt_gyfm
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int badge_txt_nzhm
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int badge_txt_ppmm
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int badge_txt_tgqf
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int badge_txt_wjbf
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int badge_txt_wjqw
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int badge_txt_xssl
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int badge_txt_znkr
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int badgebtn
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int badgenewbtn
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int bg3
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int bg_btn
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int bg_content
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int bg_delwords
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int bg_delwords_nor
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int bg_delwords_sel
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int bg_title
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int checkbox
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int checkbox_ori
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int checkbox_ori_gray
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int checkbox_sel
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int checkbox_sel_gray
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int chengzi
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int clock
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int close_normal
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int close_press
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int close_selector
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int config_ori
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int config_press
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int config_renren_in
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int config_renren_out
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int config_title_main
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int config_title_settime_ori
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int config_title_settime_press
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int config_weibo_in
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int config_weibo_out
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int configbtn
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int cursor_dark_big
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int dazao
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int del_pic
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int dialog_bg
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int fanhui
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int frame_mask
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int frame_nomask
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int guide2btn
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int guide3btn
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int guide_button_start_config_ori
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int guide_button_start_config_press
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int guide_button_start_main_ori
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int guide_button_start_main_press
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int guide_mask
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int guide_pic_1
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int guide_pic_2
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int guide_pic_3
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int huoluobo
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int ic_action_search
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int icon
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int icon_delwords
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int image_background
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int imaginary_1
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int kuihuazi
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int layout_bg
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int lianzi
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int line
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int line_round
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int milk
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int ningmeng
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int octocat_awake
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int octocat_network
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int octocat_settime
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int octocat_sleep
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int ou
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int popup_title_back
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int popup_title_tip
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int putao
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int radio_ori
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int radio_sel
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int radiobtn
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int renren_android_title_bg
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int renren_android_title_logo
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int renren_connect
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int renren_connect_icon
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int renren_login_button
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int renren_login_button_down
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int renren_login_button_up
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int renren_login_ori
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int renren_login_press
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int renren_logo_in
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int renren_logout_button
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int renren_logout_button_down
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int renren_logout_button_up
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int renren_logout_ori
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int renren_logout_press
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int renren_sdk_activity_title_bg
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int renren_sdk_android_title_bg
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int renren_sdk_android_title_logo
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int renren_sdk_connect
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int renren_sdk_connect_icon
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int renren_sdk_default_button_unselected
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int renren_sdk_edittext_bg
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int renren_sdk_line
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int renren_sdk_login_button
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int renren_sdk_login_button_down
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int renren_sdk_login_button_up
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int renren_sdk_logo
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int renren_sdk_logout_button
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int renren_sdk_logout_button_down
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int renren_sdk_logout_button_up
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int renren_sdk_select_emotion_button_bg
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int renren_sdk_status_add_postion_bg
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int renren_sdk_title
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int renren_sdk_vertical_line
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int renrenloginbtn
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int renrenlogoutbtn
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int screaming
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int settime
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int sleep
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int sleep_ori
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int sleep_press
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int sleep_title_main
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int splash
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int star
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int starry
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int starsky1
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int sunflower
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int time
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int time_flag_am
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int time_flag_deepnight
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int time_flag_morning
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int time_flag_night
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int time_flag_pm
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int tip
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int title_logo
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int weibo_login_ori
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int weibo_login_press
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int weibo_logout_ori
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int weibo_logout_press
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int weibologinbtn
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int weibologoutbtn
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int wheel_bg
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int wheel_val
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int xiangjiao
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int xiaomi
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$drawable: int xiongmao
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int ConfigActivity_settime
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int abandonSleepBtn
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int apple
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int backBadgeBtn
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int backCfgBtn
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int backPpupImg
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int badgeAchievedPpupTv
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int badgeBtn
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int badgeCfgBtn
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int badgeNamePpupImg
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int badgePpupImg
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int bgSleepImg
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int bgWelcomeImg
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int bmgCfgImg
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int brzm_mask
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int brzm_pic
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int brzm_text
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int btnClose
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int btnGuide2
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int btnGuide3
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int btnSend
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int cfgTv1
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int cfgTv2
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int cfgTv4
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int cfgTv8
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int chengzi
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int cjlz_mask
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int cjlz_pic
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int cjlz_text
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int configBtn
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int configLabel
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int configRL
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int dazao
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int etEdit
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int flPic
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int gongxiao
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int guide3rl
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int guiderl
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int gyfm_mask
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int gyfm_pic
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int gyfm_text
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int hideTipSleepTxt
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int hideTipWelcomeTxt
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int hour
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int huluobo
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int imageView1
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int ivDelPic
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int ivImage
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int kuihuazi
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int lianzi
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int linePpupImg
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int llImage
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int ll_text_limit_unit
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int loginBtn
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int logoutBtn
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int menu_settings
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int milk
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int minhourSleepTxt
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int minhourWelcomeTxt
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int mins
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int ningmeng
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int nzhm_mask
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int nzhm_pic
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int nzhm_text
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int ou
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int pic
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int pingming
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int ppmm_mask
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int ppmm_pic
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int ppmm_text
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int putao
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int renrenCfgBtn
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int renrenShowOnIndexRd
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int renren_album_name_value
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int renren_sdk_album_description_label
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int renren_sdk_album_description_value
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int renren_sdk_album_location_label
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int renren_sdk_album_location_value
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int renren_sdk_album_name_label
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int renren_sdk_album_name_value
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int renren_sdk_album_visible_label
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int renren_sdk_album_visible_value
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int renren_sdk_create_album_cancel
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int renren_sdk_create_album_submit
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int renren_sdk_login_confirm_button
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int renren_sdk_login_entry_password
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int renren_sdk_login_entry_username
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int renren_sdk_photo_caption_counter
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int renren_sdk_photo_caption_value
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int renren_sdk_photo_view_image
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int renren_sdk_profile_name
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int renren_sdk_profile_photo
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int renren_sdk_status_cancel
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int renren_sdk_status_ch_counter
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int renren_sdk_status_edit_text
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int renren_sdk_status_pub_buttons
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int renren_sdk_status_publish
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int renren_sdk_status_user_info
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int renren_sdk_title_logo
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int renren_sdk_title_text
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int renren_sdk_upload_photo_cancel
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int renren_sdk_upload_photo_submit
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int rlTitle
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int rlTotal
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int scrollView1
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int secSleepTxt
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int secWelcomeTxt
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int settimeCfgTv
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int sleepBtn
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int sleepLabel
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int starPpupImg
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int text1
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int text2
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int text3
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int text4
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int textView1
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int tgqf_mask
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int tgqf_pic
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int tgqf_text
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int timeFlagImg
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int tipPpupImg
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int titlePpupTv
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int tongbu
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int tv_text_limit
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int vPager
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int weiboCfgBtn
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int weiboShowOnIndexRd
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int welcomeRL
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int wjbf_mask
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int wjbf_pic
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int wjbf_text
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int wjqw_mask
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int wjqw_pic
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int wjqw_text
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int xiangjiao
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int xiaomi
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int xssl_mask
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int xssl_pic
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int xssl_text
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int znkr_mask
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int znkr_pic
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$id: int znkr_text
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$layout: int activity_badge
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$layout: int activity_config
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$layout: int activity_guide
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$layout: int activity_popup
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$layout: int activity_sleep
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$layout: int activity_splash
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$layout: int activity_welcome
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$layout: int guide_1
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$layout: int guide_2
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$layout: int guide_3
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$layout: int guide_complete
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$layout: int nothing_dialog
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$layout: int renren_sdk_create_album
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$layout: int renren_sdk_login_entry
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$layout: int renren_sdk_status_pub
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$layout: int renren_sdk_upload_photo
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$layout: int share_mblog_view
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$layout: int timesetting_dialog
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$layout: int tip_activity
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$layout: int wbyayactivity_dialog
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$menu: int activity_badge
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$menu: int activity_config
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$menu: int activity_guide
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$menu: int activity_popup
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$menu: int activity_splash
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$menu: int activity_welcome
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$raw: int ahahaha_96_1
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$raw: int ahahaha_96_2
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$raw: int ahahaha_96_3
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$raw: int ahahaha_96_4
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$raw: int ahahaha_96_5
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$raw: int ahahaha_96_6
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$raw: int ahahaha_96_7
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$raw: int dong
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$raw: int family_mart
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$raw: int hahaha_dogdays
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$raw: int natsume
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$raw: int nurarihyon
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$raw: int pu
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$raw: int yukiteru
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$raw: int yuno
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int RENREN_API_KEY
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int RENREN_APP_ID
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int RENREN_APP_SECRET
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int WEIBO_API_KEY
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int WEIBO_APP_SECRET
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int app_name
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int attention
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int auth_failed
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int auth_string
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int auth_success
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int back_to_sleep
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int cancel
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int close
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int config_show_on_index
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int config_show_tip
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int config_show_tips
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int config_sync
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int config_use_12
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int config_vibrate
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int del_pic
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int delete_all
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int guide_fling_tip
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int hello
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int hello_world
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int logout_success
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int menu_settings
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int no_internet
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int ok
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int please_login
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int popup_badge_got
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int renren_sdk_album_description_hint
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int renren_sdk_album_description_label
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int renren_sdk_album_location_hint
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int renren_sdk_album_location_label
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int renren_sdk_album_name_hint
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int renren_sdk_album_name_label
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int renren_sdk_album_visible_label
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int renren_sdk_cancel
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int renren_sdk_login
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int renren_sdk_long_status
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int renren_sdk_mobile_album
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int renren_sdk_object_init_error
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int renren_sdk_password
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int renren_sdk_photo_caption_hint
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int renren_sdk_publish_null_status_alert
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int renren_sdk_publish_status_hint
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int renren_sdk_status_cancel
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int renren_sdk_status_hint
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int renren_sdk_status_publish
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int renren_sdk_status_publish_failed
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int renren_sdk_status_publish_success
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int renren_sdk_submit
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int renren_sdk_title_label
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int renren_sdk_title_upload_label
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int renren_sdk_upload
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int renren_sdk_upload_photo_change_user
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int renren_sdk_username
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int send
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int send_failed
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int send_sucess
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int share_dialog_title
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int sleeping_dialog_NegativeButton
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int sleeping_dialog_PositiveButton
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int sleeping_dialog_title
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int sleeping_giveup
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int title_activity_badge
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int title_activity_config
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int title_activity_guide
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int title_activity_splash
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int title_activity_welcome
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int wbyay_dialog_NegativeButton
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int wbyay_dialog_PositiveButton
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int wbyay_dialog_title
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$string: int wbyayactivity_dialog_checkbox
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$style: int AppTheme
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$style: int ContentOverlay
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$style: int DarkTitle
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$style: int NoTitleFullScreenLight
com.renren.api.connect.android.R$style: int Transparent
com.renren.api.connect.android.Renren
com.renren.api.connect.android.Renren: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.renren.api.connect.android.feed.FeedPublishRequestParam
com.renren.api.connect.android.feed.FeedPublishRequestParam: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.renren.api.connect.android.photos.AlbumBean
com.renren.api.connect.android.photos.AlbumBean: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.renren.api.connect.android.photos.AlbumCreateResponseBean
com.renren.api.connect.android.photos.AlbumCreateResponseBean: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.renren.api.connect.android.photos.AlbumGetResponseBean
com.renren.api.connect.android.photos.AlbumGetResponseBean: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.renren.api.connect.android.photos.AlbumPrivacyType: com.renren.api.connect.android.photos.AlbumPrivacyType[] values()
com.renren.api.connect.android.photos.AlbumPrivacyType: com.renren.api.connect.android.photos.AlbumPrivacyType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.renren.api.connect.android.photos.AlbumType: com.renren.api.connect.android.photos.AlbumType[] values()
com.renren.api.connect.android.photos.AlbumType: com.renren.api.connect.android.photos.AlbumType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.renren.api.connect.android.photos.PhotoBean
com.renren.api.connect.android.photos.PhotoBean: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.renren.api.connect.android.photos.PhotoUploadResponseBean
com.renren.api.connect.android.photos.PhotoUploadResponseBean: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.renren.api.connect.android.status.StatusSetRequestParam
com.renren.api.connect.android.status.StatusSetRequestParam: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.renren.api.connect.android.status.StatusSetResponseBean
com.renren.api.connect.android.status.StatusSetResponseBean: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.renren.api.connect.android.view.ConnectButton: void setConnectButtonListener(com.renren.api.connect.android.view.ConnectButtonListener)
com.renren.api.connect.android.view.ProfileNameView
com.renren.api.connect.android.view.ProfileNameView: ProfileNameView(android.content.Context)
com.renren.api.connect.android.view.ProfileNameView: ProfileNameView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.renren.api.connect.android.view.ProfileNameView: ProfileNameView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.renren.api.connect.android.view.ProfilePhotoView
com.renren.api.connect.android.view.ProfilePhotoView: ProfilePhotoView(android.content.Context)
com.renren.api.connect.android.view.ProfilePhotoView: ProfilePhotoView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.renren.api.connect.android.view.ProfilePhotoView: void setUid(long)
com.weibo.android.R$anim: int app_start
com.weibo.android.R$anim: int bump_in
com.weibo.android.R$anim: int bump_out
com.weibo.android.R$anim: int crt_close
com.weibo.android.R$anim: int crt_open
com.weibo.android.R$anim: int fade_in
com.weibo.android.R$anim: int fade_out
com.weibo.android.R$anim: int flash_fade_in_deacc_fast
com.weibo.android.R$anim: int flash_fade_in_deacc_medium
com.weibo.android.R$anim: int flash_fade_in_deacc_slow
com.weibo.android.R$anim: int maximize_left_bottom
com.weibo.android.R$anim: int maximize_right_top
com.weibo.android.R$anim: int minimize_left_bottom
com.weibo.android.R$anim: int minimize_right_bottom
com.weibo.android.R$anim: int minimize_right_top
com.weibo.android.R$color: int dialog_title_blue
com.weibo.android.R$color: int renren_sdk_edittext_bg
com.weibo.android.R$color: int renren_sdk_edittext_border
com.weibo.android.R$color: int renren_sdk_status_username_text
com.weibo.android.R$color: int renren_sdk_title_bg
com.weibo.android.R$color: int renren_sdk_title_border
com.weibo.android.R$color: int renren_sdk_title_text
com.weibo.android.R$color: int text
com.weibo.android.R$color: int text_num_gray
com.weibo.android.R$color: int transparent
com.weibo.android.R$dimen: int dialog_bottom_margin
com.weibo.android.R$dimen: int dialog_btn_close_right_margin
com.weibo.android.R$dimen: int dialog_btn_close_top_margin
com.weibo.android.R$dimen: int dialog_left_margin
com.weibo.android.R$dimen: int dialog_right_margin
com.weibo.android.R$dimen: int dialog_title_height
com.weibo.android.R$dimen: int dialog_title_logo_left_margin
com.weibo.android.R$dimen: int dialog_top_margin
com.weibo.android.R$dimen: int padding_large
com.weibo.android.R$dimen: int padding_medium
com.weibo.android.R$dimen: int padding_small
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int abandon_ori
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int abandon_press
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int abandonbtn
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int apple
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int back_ori
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int back_press
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int backbtn
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int backpix
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int badge
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int badge_new_ori
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int badge_new_press
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int badge_ori
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int badge_pic_brzm_l
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int badge_pic_brzm_s
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int badge_pic_cjlz_l
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int badge_pic_cjlz_s
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int badge_pic_gyfm_l
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int badge_pic_gyfm_s
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int badge_pic_nzhm_l
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int badge_pic_nzhm_s
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int badge_pic_ppmm_l
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int badge_pic_ppmm_s
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int badge_pic_tgqf_l
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int badge_pic_tgqf_s
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int badge_pic_wjbf_l
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int badge_pic_wjbf_s
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int badge_pic_wjqw_l
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int badge_pic_wjqw_s
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int badge_pic_xssl_l
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int badge_pic_xssl_s
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int badge_pic_znkr_l
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int badge_pic_znkr_s
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int badge_press
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int badge_title_brzm
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int badge_title_cjlz
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int badge_title_gyfm
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int badge_title_main
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int badge_title_nzhm
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int badge_title_ppmm
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int badge_title_tgqf
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int badge_title_wjbf
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int badge_title_wjqw
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int badge_title_xssl
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int badge_title_znkr
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int badge_txt_brzm
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int badge_txt_cjlz
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int badge_txt_gldr
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int badge_txt_gyfm
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int badge_txt_nzhm
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int badge_txt_ppmm
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int badge_txt_tgqf
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int badge_txt_wjbf
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int badge_txt_wjqw
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int badge_txt_xssl
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int badge_txt_znkr
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int badgebtn
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int badgenewbtn
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int bg3
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int bg_btn
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int bg_content
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int bg_delwords
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int bg_delwords_nor
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int bg_delwords_sel
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int bg_title
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int checkbox
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int checkbox_ori
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int checkbox_ori_gray
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int checkbox_sel
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int checkbox_sel_gray
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int chengzi
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int clock
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int close_normal
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int close_press
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int close_selector
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int config_ori
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int config_press
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int config_renren_in
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int config_renren_out
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int config_title_main
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int config_title_settime_ori
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int config_title_settime_press
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int config_weibo_in
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int config_weibo_out
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int configbtn
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int cursor_dark_big
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int dazao
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int del_pic
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int dialog_bg
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int fanhui
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int frame_mask
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int frame_nomask
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int guide2btn
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int guide3btn
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int guide_button_start_config_ori
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int guide_button_start_config_press
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int guide_button_start_main_ori
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int guide_button_start_main_press
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int guide_mask
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int guide_pic_1
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int guide_pic_2
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int guide_pic_3
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int huoluobo
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int ic_action_search
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int icon
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int icon_delwords
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int image_background
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int imaginary_1
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int kuihuazi
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int layout_bg
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int lianzi
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int line
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int line_round
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int milk
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int ningmeng
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int octocat_awake
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int octocat_network
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int octocat_settime
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int octocat_sleep
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int ou
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int popup_title_back
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int popup_title_tip
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int putao
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int radio_ori
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int radio_sel
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int radiobtn
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int renren_android_title_bg
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int renren_android_title_logo
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int renren_connect
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int renren_connect_icon
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int renren_login_button
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int renren_login_button_down
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int renren_login_button_up
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int renren_login_ori
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int renren_login_press
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int renren_logo_in
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int renren_logout_button
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int renren_logout_button_down
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int renren_logout_button_up
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int renren_logout_ori
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int renren_logout_press
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int renren_sdk_activity_title_bg
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int renren_sdk_android_title_bg
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int renren_sdk_android_title_logo
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int renren_sdk_connect
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int renren_sdk_connect_icon
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int renren_sdk_default_button_unselected
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int renren_sdk_edittext_bg
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int renren_sdk_line
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int renren_sdk_login_button
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int renren_sdk_login_button_down
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int renren_sdk_login_button_up
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int renren_sdk_logo
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int renren_sdk_logout_button
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int renren_sdk_logout_button_down
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int renren_sdk_logout_button_up
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int renren_sdk_select_emotion_button_bg
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int renren_sdk_status_add_postion_bg
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int renren_sdk_title
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int renren_sdk_vertical_line
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int renrenloginbtn
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int renrenlogoutbtn
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int screaming
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int settime
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int sleep
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int sleep_ori
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int sleep_press
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int sleep_title_main
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int splash
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int star
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int starry
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int starsky1
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int sunflower
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int time
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int time_flag_am
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int time_flag_deepnight
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int time_flag_morning
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int time_flag_night
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int time_flag_pm
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int tip
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int title_logo
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int weibo_login_ori
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int weibo_login_press
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int weibo_logout_ori
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int weibo_logout_press
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int weibologinbtn
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int weibologoutbtn
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int wheel_bg
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int wheel_val
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int xiangjiao
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int xiaomi
com.weibo.android.R$drawable: int xiongmao
com.weibo.android.R$id: int ConfigActivity_settime
com.weibo.android.R$id: int abandonSleepBtn
com.weibo.android.R$id: int apple
com.weibo.android.R$id: int backBadgeBtn
com.weibo.android.R$id: int backCfgBtn
com.weibo.android.R$id: int backPpupImg
com.weibo.android.R$id: int badgeAchievedPpupTv
com.weibo.android.R$id: int badgeBtn
com.weibo.android.R$id: int badgeCfgBtn
com.weibo.android.R$id: int badgeNamePpupImg
com.weibo.android.R$id: int badgePpupImg
com.weibo.android.R$id: int bgSleepImg
com.weibo.android.R$id: int bgWelcomeImg
com.weibo.android.R$id: int bmgCfgImg
com.weibo.android.R$id: int brzm_mask
com.weibo.android.R$id: int brzm_pic
com.weibo.android.R$id: int brzm_text
com.weibo.android.R$id: int btnClose
com.weibo.android.R$id: int btnGuide2
com.weibo.android.R$id: int btnGuide3
com.weibo.android.R$id: int btnSend
com.weibo.android.R$id: int cfgTv1
com.weibo.android.R$id: int cfgTv2
com.weibo.android.R$id: int cfgTv4
com.weibo.android.R$id: int cfgTv8
com.weibo.android.R$id: int chengzi
com.weibo.android.R$id: int cjlz_mask
com.weibo.android.R$id: int cjlz_pic
com.weibo.android.R$id: int cjlz_text
com.weibo.android.R$id: int configBtn
com.weibo.android.R$id: int configLabel
com.weibo.android.R$id: int configRL
com.weibo.android.R$id: int dazao
com.weibo.android.R$id: int etEdit
com.weibo.android.R$id: int flPic
com.weibo.android.R$id: int gongxiao
com.weibo.android.R$id: int guide3rl
com.weibo.android.R$id: int guiderl
com.weibo.android.R$id: int gyfm_mask
com.weibo.android.R$id: int gyfm_pic
com.weibo.android.R$id: int gyfm_text
com.weibo.android.R$id: int hideTipSleepTxt
com.weibo.android.R$id: int hideTipWelcomeTxt
com.weibo.android.R$id: int hour
com.weibo.android.R$id: int huluobo
com.weibo.android.R$id: int imageView1
com.weibo.android.R$id: int ivDelPic
com.weibo.android.R$id: int ivImage
com.weibo.android.R$id: int kuihuazi
com.weibo.android.R$id: int lianzi
com.weibo.android.R$id: int linePpupImg
com.weibo.android.R$id: int llImage
com.weibo.android.R$id: int ll_text_limit_unit
com.weibo.android.R$id: int loginBtn
com.weibo.android.R$id: int logoutBtn
com.weibo.android.R$id: int menu_settings
com.weibo.android.R$id: int milk
com.weibo.android.R$id: int minhourSleepTxt
com.weibo.android.R$id: int minhourWelcomeTxt
com.weibo.android.R$id: int mins
com.weibo.android.R$id: int ningmeng
com.weibo.android.R$id: int nzhm_mask
com.weibo.android.R$id: int nzhm_pic
com.weibo.android.R$id: int nzhm_text
com.weibo.android.R$id: int ou
com.weibo.android.R$id: int pic
com.weibo.android.R$id: int pingming
com.weibo.android.R$id: int ppmm_mask
com.weibo.android.R$id: int ppmm_pic
com.weibo.android.R$id: int ppmm_text
com.weibo.android.R$id: int putao
com.weibo.android.R$id: int renrenCfgBtn
com.weibo.android.R$id: int renrenShowOnIndexRd
com.weibo.android.R$id: int renren_album_name_value
com.weibo.android.R$id: int renren_sdk_album_description_label
com.weibo.android.R$id: int renren_sdk_album_description_value
com.weibo.android.R$id: int renren_sdk_album_location_label
com.weibo.android.R$id: int renren_sdk_album_location_value
com.weibo.android.R$id: int renren_sdk_album_name_label
com.weibo.android.R$id: int renren_sdk_album_name_value
com.weibo.android.R$id: int renren_sdk_album_visible_label
com.weibo.android.R$id: int renren_sdk_album_visible_value
com.weibo.android.R$id: int renren_sdk_create_album_cancel
com.weibo.android.R$id: int renren_sdk_create_album_submit
com.weibo.android.R$id: int renren_sdk_login_confirm_button
com.weibo.android.R$id: int renren_sdk_login_entry_password
com.weibo.android.R$id: int renren_sdk_login_entry_username
com.weibo.android.R$id: int renren_sdk_photo_caption_counter
com.weibo.android.R$id: int renren_sdk_photo_caption_value
com.weibo.android.R$id: int renren_sdk_photo_view_image
com.weibo.android.R$id: int renren_sdk_profile_name
com.weibo.android.R$id: int renren_sdk_profile_photo
com.weibo.android.R$id: int renren_sdk_status_cancel
com.weibo.android.R$id: int renren_sdk_status_ch_counter
com.weibo.android.R$id: int renren_sdk_status_edit_text
com.weibo.android.R$id: int renren_sdk_status_pub_buttons
com.weibo.android.R$id: int renren_sdk_status_publish
com.weibo.android.R$id: int renren_sdk_status_user_info
com.weibo.android.R$id: int renren_sdk_title_logo
com.weibo.android.R$id: int renren_sdk_title_text
com.weibo.android.R$id: int renren_sdk_upload_photo_cancel
com.weibo.android.R$id: int renren_sdk_upload_photo_submit
com.weibo.android.R$id: int rlTitle
com.weibo.android.R$id: int rlTotal
com.weibo.android.R$id: int scrollView1
com.weibo.android.R$id: int secSleepTxt
com.weibo.android.R$id: int secWelcomeTxt
com.weibo.android.R$id: int settimeCfgTv
com.weibo.android.R$id: int sleepBtn
com.weibo.android.R$id: int sleepLabel
com.weibo.android.R$id: int starPpupImg
com.weibo.android.R$id: int text1
com.weibo.android.R$id: int text2
com.weibo.android.R$id: int text3
com.weibo.android.R$id: int text4
com.weibo.android.R$id: int textView1
com.weibo.android.R$id: int tgqf_mask
com.weibo.android.R$id: int tgqf_pic
com.weibo.android.R$id: int tgqf_text
com.weibo.android.R$id: int timeFlagImg
com.weibo.android.R$id: int tipPpupImg
com.weibo.android.R$id: int titlePpupTv
com.weibo.android.R$id: int tongbu
com.weibo.android.R$id: int tv_text_limit
com.weibo.android.R$id: int vPager
com.weibo.android.R$id: int weiboCfgBtn
com.weibo.android.R$id: int weiboShowOnIndexRd
com.weibo.android.R$id: int welcomeRL
com.weibo.android.R$id: int wjbf_mask
com.weibo.android.R$id: int wjbf_pic
com.weibo.android.R$id: int wjbf_text
com.weibo.android.R$id: int wjqw_mask
com.weibo.android.R$id: int wjqw_pic
com.weibo.android.R$id: int wjqw_text
com.weibo.android.R$id: int xiangjiao
com.weibo.android.R$id: int xiaomi
com.weibo.android.R$id: int xssl_mask
com.weibo.android.R$id: int xssl_pic
com.weibo.android.R$id: int xssl_text
com.weibo.android.R$id: int znkr_mask
com.weibo.android.R$id: int znkr_pic
com.weibo.android.R$id: int znkr_text
com.weibo.android.R$layout: int activity_badge
com.weibo.android.R$layout: int activity_config
com.weibo.android.R$layout: int activity_guide
com.weibo.android.R$layout: int activity_popup
com.weibo.android.R$layout: int activity_sleep
com.weibo.android.R$layout: int activity_splash
com.weibo.android.R$layout: int activity_welcome
com.weibo.android.R$layout: int guide_1
com.weibo.android.R$layout: int guide_2
com.weibo.android.R$layout: int guide_3
com.weibo.android.R$layout: int guide_complete
com.weibo.android.R$layout: int nothing_dialog
com.weibo.android.R$layout: int renren_sdk_create_album
com.weibo.android.R$layout: int renren_sdk_login_entry
com.weibo.android.R$layout: int renren_sdk_status_pub
com.weibo.android.R$layout: int renren_sdk_upload_photo
com.weibo.android.R$layout: int share_mblog_view
com.weibo.android.R$layout: int timesetting_dialog
com.weibo.android.R$layout: int tip_activity
com.weibo.android.R$layout: int wbyayactivity_dialog
com.weibo.android.R$menu: int activity_badge
com.weibo.android.R$menu: int activity_config
com.weibo.android.R$menu: int activity_guide
com.weibo.android.R$menu: int activity_popup
com.weibo.android.R$menu: int activity_splash
com.weibo.android.R$menu: int activity_welcome
com.weibo.android.R$raw: int ahahaha_96_1
com.weibo.android.R$raw: int ahahaha_96_2
com.weibo.android.R$raw: int ahahaha_96_3
com.weibo.android.R$raw: int ahahaha_96_4
com.weibo.android.R$raw: int ahahaha_96_5
com.weibo.android.R$raw: int ahahaha_96_6
com.weibo.android.R$raw: int ahahaha_96_7
com.weibo.android.R$raw: int dong
com.weibo.android.R$raw: int family_mart
com.weibo.android.R$raw: int hahaha_dogdays
com.weibo.android.R$raw: int natsume
com.weibo.android.R$raw: int nurarihyon
com.weibo.android.R$raw: int pu
com.weibo.android.R$raw: int yukiteru
com.weibo.android.R$raw: int yuno
com.weibo.android.R$string: int RENREN_API_KEY
com.weibo.android.R$string: int RENREN_APP_ID
com.weibo.android.R$string: int RENREN_APP_SECRET
com.weibo.android.R$string: int WEIBO_API_KEY
com.weibo.android.R$string: int WEIBO_APP_SECRET
com.weibo.android.R$string: int app_name
com.weibo.android.R$string: int attention
com.weibo.android.R$string: int auth_failed
com.weibo.android.R$string: int auth_string
com.weibo.android.R$string: int auth_success
com.weibo.android.R$string: int back_to_sleep
com.weibo.android.R$string: int cancel
com.weibo.android.R$string: int close
com.weibo.android.R$string: int config_show_on_index
com.weibo.android.R$string: int config_show_tip
com.weibo.android.R$string: int config_show_tips
com.weibo.android.R$string: int config_sync
com.weibo.android.R$string: int config_use_12
com.weibo.android.R$string: int config_vibrate
com.weibo.android.R$string: int del_pic
com.weibo.android.R$string: int delete_all
com.weibo.android.R$string: int guide_fling_tip
com.weibo.android.R$string: int hello
com.weibo.android.R$string: int hello_world
com.weibo.android.R$string: int logout_success
com.weibo.android.R$string: int menu_settings
com.weibo.android.R$string: int no_internet
com.weibo.android.R$string: int ok
com.weibo.android.R$string: int please_login
com.weibo.android.R$string: int popup_badge_got
com.weibo.android.R$string: int renren_sdk_album_description_hint
com.weibo.android.R$string: int renren_sdk_album_description_label
com.weibo.android.R$string: int renren_sdk_album_location_hint
com.weibo.android.R$string: int renren_sdk_album_location_label
com.weibo.android.R$string: int renren_sdk_album_name_hint
com.weibo.android.R$string: int renren_sdk_album_name_label
com.weibo.android.R$string: int renren_sdk_album_visible_label
com.weibo.android.R$string: int renren_sdk_cancel
com.weibo.android.R$string: int renren_sdk_login
com.weibo.android.R$string: int renren_sdk_long_status
com.weibo.android.R$string: int renren_sdk_mobile_album
com.weibo.android.R$string: int renren_sdk_object_init_error
com.weibo.android.R$string: int renren_sdk_password
com.weibo.android.R$string: int renren_sdk_photo_caption_hint
com.weibo.android.R$string: int renren_sdk_publish_null_status_alert
com.weibo.android.R$string: int renren_sdk_publish_status_hint
com.weibo.android.R$string: int renren_sdk_status_cancel
com.weibo.android.R$string: int renren_sdk_status_hint
com.weibo.android.R$string: int renren_sdk_status_publish
com.weibo.android.R$string: int renren_sdk_status_publish_failed
com.weibo.android.R$string: int renren_sdk_status_publish_success
com.weibo.android.R$string: int renren_sdk_submit
com.weibo.android.R$string: int renren_sdk_title_label
com.weibo.android.R$string: int renren_sdk_title_upload_label
com.weibo.android.R$string: int renren_sdk_upload
com.weibo.android.R$string: int renren_sdk_upload_photo_change_user
com.weibo.android.R$string: int renren_sdk_username
com.weibo.android.R$string: int send
com.weibo.android.R$string: int send_failed
com.weibo.android.R$string: int send_sucess
com.weibo.android.R$string: int share_dialog_title
com.weibo.android.R$string: int sleeping_dialog_NegativeButton
com.weibo.android.R$string: int sleeping_dialog_PositiveButton
com.weibo.android.R$string: int sleeping_dialog_title
com.weibo.android.R$string: int sleeping_giveup
com.weibo.android.R$string: int title_activity_badge
com.weibo.android.R$string: int title_activity_config
com.weibo.android.R$string: int title_activity_guide
com.weibo.android.R$string: int title_activity_splash
com.weibo.android.R$string: int title_activity_welcome
com.weibo.android.R$string: int wbyay_dialog_NegativeButton
com.weibo.android.R$string: int wbyay_dialog_PositiveButton
com.weibo.android.R$string: int wbyay_dialog_title
com.weibo.android.R$string: int wbyayactivity_dialog_checkbox
com.weibo.android.R$style: int AppTheme
com.weibo.android.R$style: int ContentOverlay
com.weibo.android.R$style: int DarkTitle
com.weibo.android.R$style: int NoTitleFullScreenLight
com.weibo.android.R$style: int Transparent
com.weibo.net.ShareActivity
com.weibo.net.ShareActivity: ShareActivity()
com.weibo.net.ShareActivity: void onClick(android.view.View)
dotnet.aoye.BadgeActivity
dotnet.aoye.BadgeActivity: BadgeActivity()
dotnet.aoye.ConfigActivity
dotnet.aoye.ConfigActivity: ConfigActivity()
dotnet.aoye.GuideActivity
dotnet.aoye.GuideActivity: GuideActivity()
dotnet.aoye.PopupActivity
dotnet.aoye.PopupActivity: PopupActivity()
dotnet.aoye.R$anim: int app_start
dotnet.aoye.R$anim: int bump_in
dotnet.aoye.R$anim: int bump_out
dotnet.aoye.R$anim: int crt_close
dotnet.aoye.R$anim: int crt_open
dotnet.aoye.R$anim: int fade_in
dotnet.aoye.R$anim: int fade_out
dotnet.aoye.R$anim: int flash_fade_in_deacc_fast
dotnet.aoye.R$anim: int flash_fade_in_deacc_medium
dotnet.aoye.R$anim: int flash_fade_in_deacc_slow
dotnet.aoye.R$anim: int maximize_left_bottom
dotnet.aoye.R$anim: int maximize_right_top
dotnet.aoye.R$anim: int minimize_left_bottom
dotnet.aoye.R$anim: int minimize_right_bottom
dotnet.aoye.R$anim: int minimize_right_top
dotnet.aoye.R$color: int dialog_title_blue
dotnet.aoye.R$color: int renren_sdk_edittext_bg
dotnet.aoye.R$color: int renren_sdk_edittext_border
dotnet.aoye.R$color: int renren_sdk_status_username_text
dotnet.aoye.R$color: int renren_sdk_title_bg
dotnet.aoye.R$color: int renren_sdk_title_border
dotnet.aoye.R$color: int renren_sdk_title_text
dotnet.aoye.R$color: int text
dotnet.aoye.R$color: int text_num_gray
dotnet.aoye.R$color: int transparent
dotnet.aoye.R$dimen: int dialog_bottom_margin
dotnet.aoye.R$dimen: int dialog_btn_close_right_margin
dotnet.aoye.R$dimen: int dialog_btn_close_top_margin
dotnet.aoye.R$dimen: int dialog_left_margin
dotnet.aoye.R$dimen: int dialog_right_margin
dotnet.aoye.R$dimen: int dialog_title_height
dotnet.aoye.R$dimen: int dialog_title_logo_left_margin
dotnet.aoye.R$dimen: int dialog_top_margin
dotnet.aoye.R$dimen: int padding_large
dotnet.aoye.R$dimen: int padding_medium
dotnet.aoye.R$dimen: int padding_small
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int abandon_ori
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int abandon_press
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int abandonbtn
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int apple
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int back_ori
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int back_press
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int backbtn
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int backpix
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int badge
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int badge_new_ori
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int badge_new_press
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int badge_ori
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int badge_pic_brzm_l
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int badge_pic_brzm_s
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int badge_pic_cjlz_l
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int badge_pic_cjlz_s
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int badge_pic_gyfm_l
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int badge_pic_gyfm_s
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int badge_pic_nzhm_l
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int badge_pic_nzhm_s
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int badge_pic_ppmm_l
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int badge_pic_ppmm_s
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int badge_pic_tgqf_l
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int badge_pic_tgqf_s
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int badge_pic_wjbf_l
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int badge_pic_wjbf_s
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int badge_pic_wjqw_l
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int badge_pic_wjqw_s
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int badge_pic_xssl_l
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int badge_pic_xssl_s
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int badge_pic_znkr_l
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int badge_pic_znkr_s
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int badge_press
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int badge_title_brzm
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int badge_title_cjlz
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int badge_title_gyfm
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int badge_title_main
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int badge_title_nzhm
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int badge_title_ppmm
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int badge_title_tgqf
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int badge_title_wjbf
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int badge_title_wjqw
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int badge_title_xssl
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int badge_title_znkr
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int badge_txt_brzm
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int badge_txt_cjlz
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int badge_txt_gldr
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int badge_txt_gyfm
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int badge_txt_nzhm
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int badge_txt_ppmm
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int badge_txt_tgqf
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int badge_txt_wjbf
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int badge_txt_wjqw
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int badge_txt_xssl
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int badge_txt_znkr
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int badgebtn
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int badgenewbtn
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int bg3
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int bg_btn
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int bg_content
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int bg_delwords
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int bg_delwords_nor
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int bg_delwords_sel
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int bg_title
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int checkbox
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int checkbox_ori
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int checkbox_ori_gray
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int checkbox_sel
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int checkbox_sel_gray
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int chengzi
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int clock
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int close_normal
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int close_press
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int close_selector
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int config_ori
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int config_press
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int config_renren_in
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int config_renren_out
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int config_title_main
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int config_title_settime_ori
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int config_title_settime_press
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int config_weibo_in
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int config_weibo_out
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int configbtn
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int cursor_dark_big
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int dazao
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int del_pic
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int dialog_bg
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int fanhui
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int frame_mask
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int frame_nomask
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int guide2btn
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int guide3btn
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int guide_button_start_config_ori
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int guide_button_start_config_press
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int guide_button_start_main_ori
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int guide_button_start_main_press
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int guide_mask
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int guide_pic_1
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int guide_pic_2
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int guide_pic_3
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int huoluobo
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int ic_action_search
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int icon
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int icon_delwords
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int image_background
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int imaginary_1
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int kuihuazi
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int layout_bg
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int lianzi
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int line
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int line_round
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int milk
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int ningmeng
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int octocat_awake
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int octocat_network
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int octocat_settime
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int octocat_sleep
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int ou
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int popup_title_back
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int popup_title_tip
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int putao
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int radio_ori
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int radio_sel
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int radiobtn
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int renren_android_title_bg
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int renren_android_title_logo
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int renren_connect
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int renren_connect_icon
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int renren_login_button
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int renren_login_button_down
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int renren_login_button_up
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int renren_login_ori
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int renren_login_press
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int renren_logo_in
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int renren_logout_button
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int renren_logout_button_down
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int renren_logout_button_up
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int renren_logout_ori
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int renren_logout_press
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int renren_sdk_activity_title_bg
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int renren_sdk_android_title_bg
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int renren_sdk_android_title_logo
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int renren_sdk_connect
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int renren_sdk_connect_icon
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int renren_sdk_default_button_unselected
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int renren_sdk_edittext_bg
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int renren_sdk_line
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int renren_sdk_login_button
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int renren_sdk_login_button_down
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int renren_sdk_login_button_up
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int renren_sdk_logo
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int renren_sdk_logout_button
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int renren_sdk_logout_button_down
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int renren_sdk_logout_button_up
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int renren_sdk_select_emotion_button_bg
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int renren_sdk_status_add_postion_bg
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int renren_sdk_title
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int renren_sdk_vertical_line
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int renrenloginbtn
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int renrenlogoutbtn
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int screaming
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int settime
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int sleep
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int sleep_ori
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int sleep_press
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int sleep_title_main
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int splash
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int star
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int starry
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int starsky1
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int sunflower
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int time
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int time_flag_am
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int time_flag_deepnight
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int time_flag_morning
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int time_flag_night
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int time_flag_pm
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int tip
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int title_logo
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int weibo_login_ori
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int weibo_login_press
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int weibo_logout_ori
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int weibo_logout_press
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int weibologinbtn
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int weibologoutbtn
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int wheel_bg
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int wheel_val
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int xiangjiao
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int xiaomi
dotnet.aoye.R$drawable: int xiongmao
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int ConfigActivity_settime
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int abandonSleepBtn
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int apple
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int backBadgeBtn
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int backCfgBtn
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int backPpupImg
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int badgeAchievedPpupTv
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int badgeBtn
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int badgeCfgBtn
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int badgeNamePpupImg
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int badgePpupImg
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int bgSleepImg
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int bgWelcomeImg
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int bmgCfgImg
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int brzm_mask
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int brzm_pic
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int brzm_text
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int btnClose
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int btnGuide2
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int btnGuide3
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int btnSend
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int cfgTv1
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int cfgTv2
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int cfgTv4
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int cfgTv8
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int chengzi
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int cjlz_mask
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int cjlz_pic
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int cjlz_text
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int configBtn
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int configLabel
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int configRL
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int dazao
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int etEdit
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int flPic
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int gongxiao
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int guide3rl
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int guiderl
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int gyfm_mask
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int gyfm_pic
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int gyfm_text
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int hideTipSleepTxt
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int hideTipWelcomeTxt
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int hour
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int huluobo
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int imageView1
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int ivDelPic
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int ivImage
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int kuihuazi
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int lianzi
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int linePpupImg
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int llImage
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int ll_text_limit_unit
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int loginBtn
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int logoutBtn
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int menu_settings
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int milk
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int minhourSleepTxt
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int minhourWelcomeTxt
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int mins
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int ningmeng
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int nzhm_mask
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int nzhm_pic
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int nzhm_text
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int ou
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int pic
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int pingming
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int ppmm_mask
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int ppmm_pic
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int ppmm_text
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int putao
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int renrenCfgBtn
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int renrenShowOnIndexRd
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int renren_album_name_value
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int renren_sdk_album_description_label
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int renren_sdk_album_description_value
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int renren_sdk_album_location_label
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int renren_sdk_album_location_value
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int renren_sdk_album_name_label
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int renren_sdk_album_name_value
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int renren_sdk_album_visible_label
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int renren_sdk_album_visible_value
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int renren_sdk_create_album_cancel
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int renren_sdk_create_album_submit
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int renren_sdk_login_confirm_button
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int renren_sdk_login_entry_password
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int renren_sdk_login_entry_username
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int renren_sdk_photo_caption_counter
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int renren_sdk_photo_caption_value
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int renren_sdk_photo_view_image
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int renren_sdk_profile_name
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int renren_sdk_profile_photo
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int renren_sdk_status_cancel
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int renren_sdk_status_ch_counter
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int renren_sdk_status_edit_text
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int renren_sdk_status_pub_buttons
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int renren_sdk_status_publish
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int renren_sdk_status_user_info
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int renren_sdk_title_logo
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int renren_sdk_title_text
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int renren_sdk_upload_photo_cancel
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int renren_sdk_upload_photo_submit
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int rlTitle
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int rlTotal
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int scrollView1
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int secSleepTxt
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int secWelcomeTxt
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int settimeCfgTv
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int sleepBtn
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int sleepLabel
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int starPpupImg
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int text1
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int text2
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int text3
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int text4
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int textView1
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int tgqf_mask
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int tgqf_pic
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int tgqf_text
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int timeFlagImg
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int tipPpupImg
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int titlePpupTv
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int tongbu
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int tv_text_limit
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int vPager
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int weiboCfgBtn
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int weiboShowOnIndexRd
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int welcomeRL
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int wjbf_mask
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int wjbf_pic
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int wjbf_text
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int wjqw_mask
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int wjqw_pic
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int wjqw_text
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int xiangjiao
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int xiaomi
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int xssl_mask
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int xssl_pic
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int xssl_text
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int znkr_mask
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int znkr_pic
dotnet.aoye.R$id: int znkr_text
dotnet.aoye.R$layout: int activity_badge
dotnet.aoye.R$layout: int activity_config
dotnet.aoye.R$layout: int activity_guide
dotnet.aoye.R$layout: int activity_popup
dotnet.aoye.R$layout: int activity_sleep
dotnet.aoye.R$layout: int activity_splash
dotnet.aoye.R$layout: int activity_welcome
dotnet.aoye.R$layout: int guide_1
dotnet.aoye.R$layout: int guide_2
dotnet.aoye.R$layout: int guide_3
dotnet.aoye.R$layout: int guide_complete
dotnet.aoye.R$layout: int nothing_dialog
dotnet.aoye.R$layout: int renren_sdk_create_album
dotnet.aoye.R$layout: int renren_sdk_login_entry
dotnet.aoye.R$layout: int renren_sdk_status_pub
dotnet.aoye.R$layout: int renren_sdk_upload_photo
dotnet.aoye.R$layout: int share_mblog_view
dotnet.aoye.R$layout: int timesetting_dialog
dotnet.aoye.R$layout: int tip_activity
dotnet.aoye.R$layout: int wbyayactivity_dialog
dotnet.aoye.R$menu: int activity_badge
dotnet.aoye.R$menu: int activity_config
dotnet.aoye.R$menu: int activity_guide
dotnet.aoye.R$menu: int activity_popup
dotnet.aoye.R$menu: int activity_splash
dotnet.aoye.R$menu: int activity_welcome
dotnet.aoye.R$raw: int ahahaha_96_1
dotnet.aoye.R$raw: int ahahaha_96_2
dotnet.aoye.R$raw: int ahahaha_96_3
dotnet.aoye.R$raw: int ahahaha_96_4
dotnet.aoye.R$raw: int ahahaha_96_5
dotnet.aoye.R$raw: int ahahaha_96_6
dotnet.aoye.R$raw: int ahahaha_96_7
dotnet.aoye.R$raw: int dong
dotnet.aoye.R$raw: int family_mart
dotnet.aoye.R$raw: int hahaha_dogdays
dotnet.aoye.R$raw: int natsume
dotnet.aoye.R$raw: int nurarihyon
dotnet.aoye.R$raw: int pu
dotnet.aoye.R$raw: int yukiteru
dotnet.aoye.R$raw: int yuno
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int RENREN_API_KEY
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int RENREN_APP_ID
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int RENREN_APP_SECRET
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int WEIBO_API_KEY
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int WEIBO_APP_SECRET
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int app_name
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int attention
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int auth_failed
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int auth_string
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int auth_success
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int back_to_sleep
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int cancel
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int close
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int config_show_on_index
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int config_show_tip
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int config_show_tips
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int config_sync
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int config_use_12
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int config_vibrate
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int del_pic
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int delete_all
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int guide_fling_tip
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int hello
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int hello_world
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int logout_success
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int menu_settings
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int no_internet
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int ok
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int please_login
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int popup_badge_got
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int renren_sdk_album_description_hint
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int renren_sdk_album_description_label
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int renren_sdk_album_location_hint
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int renren_sdk_album_location_label
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int renren_sdk_album_name_hint
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int renren_sdk_album_name_label
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int renren_sdk_album_visible_label
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int renren_sdk_cancel
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int renren_sdk_login
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int renren_sdk_long_status
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int renren_sdk_mobile_album
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int renren_sdk_object_init_error
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int renren_sdk_password
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int renren_sdk_photo_caption_hint
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int renren_sdk_publish_null_status_alert
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int renren_sdk_publish_status_hint
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int renren_sdk_status_cancel
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int renren_sdk_status_hint
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int renren_sdk_status_publish
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int renren_sdk_status_publish_failed
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int renren_sdk_status_publish_success
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int renren_sdk_submit
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int renren_sdk_title_label
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int renren_sdk_title_upload_label
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int renren_sdk_upload
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int renren_sdk_upload_photo_change_user
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int renren_sdk_username
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int send
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int send_failed
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int send_sucess
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int share_dialog_title
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int sleeping_dialog_NegativeButton
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int sleeping_dialog_PositiveButton
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int sleeping_dialog_title
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int sleeping_giveup
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int title_activity_badge
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int title_activity_config
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int title_activity_guide
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int title_activity_splash
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int title_activity_welcome
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int wbyay_dialog_NegativeButton
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int wbyay_dialog_PositiveButton
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int wbyay_dialog_title
dotnet.aoye.R$string: int wbyayactivity_dialog_checkbox
dotnet.aoye.R$style: int AppTheme
dotnet.aoye.R$style: int ContentOverlay
dotnet.aoye.R$style: int DarkTitle
dotnet.aoye.R$style: int NoTitleFullScreenLight
dotnet.aoye.R$style: int Transparent
dotnet.aoye.Receiver.SuperReceiver
dotnet.aoye.Receiver.SuperReceiver: SuperReceiver(android.content.Context)
dotnet.aoye.Receiver.SuperReceiver: SuperReceiver()
dotnet.aoye.Service.ConstantService
dotnet.aoye.Service.ConstantService: ConstantService()
dotnet.aoye.Service.ShowDialogService
dotnet.aoye.Service.ShowDialogService: ShowDialogService()
dotnet.aoye.Service.ShowToastService
dotnet.aoye.Service.ShowToastService: ShowToastService()
dotnet.aoye.SleepActivity
dotnet.aoye.SleepActivity: SleepActivity()
dotnet.aoye.SplashActivity
dotnet.aoye.SplashActivity: SplashActivity()
dotnet.aoye.ThisApp
dotnet.aoye.ThisApp: ThisApp()
dotnet.aoye.TipActivity
dotnet.aoye.TipActivity: TipActivity()
dotnet.aoye.WelcomeActivity
dotnet.aoye.WelcomeActivity: WelcomeActivity()
dotnet.aoye.widget.wheel.WheelView
dotnet.aoye.widget.wheel.WheelView: WheelView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
dotnet.aoye.widget.wheel.WheelView: WheelView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
dotnet.aoye.widget.wheel.WheelView: WheelView(android.content.Context)
dotnet.aoye.widget.wheel.WheelView: dotnet.aoye.widget.wheel.WheelAdapter getAdapter()
dotnet.aoye.widget.wheel.WheelView: void setAdapter(dotnet.aoye.widget.wheel.WheelAdapter)
dotnet.aoye.widget.wheel.WheelView: void setInterpolator(android.view.animation.Interpolator)
dotnet.aoye.widget.wheel.WheelView: int getVisibleItems()
dotnet.aoye.widget.wheel.WheelView: void setVisibleItems(int)
dotnet.aoye.widget.wheel.WheelView: java.lang.String getLabel()
dotnet.aoye.widget.wheel.WheelView: void setLabel(java.lang.String)
dotnet.aoye.widget.wheel.WheelView: int getCurrentItem()
dotnet.aoye.widget.wheel.WheelView: void setCurrentItem(int)
dotnet.aoye.widget.wheel.WheelView: void setCyclic(boolean)
dotnet.aoye.widget.wheel.WheelView: int getMaxTextLength()
dotnet.aoye.widget.wheel.WheelView: int getItemHeight()
dotnet.aoye.widget.wheel.WheelView: void setNextMessage(int)
